



Network Working Group                                           K. Garic
Internet-Draft                                                   M. Frei
Intended status: Informational                             N. Rustignoli
Expires: 13 June 2024                                        J. C. Hugly
                                                              L. Cameron
                                                               M. Keller
                                                       SCION Association
                                                        11 December 2023


                    Farewell to our colleague Corine
                      draft-corine-farewell-latest

Abstract

   This document bids a grateful farewell to our colleague Corine de
   Kater, who valiantly shepherded the standardization of SCION.

Discussion Venues

   This note is to be removed before publishing as an RFC.

   Source for this draft and an issue tracker can be found at
   https://github.com/nicorusti/cdk-goodbye.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 13 June 2024.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2023 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction
   2.  SCION Standardization Achievements
   3.  Wishing You the Best
   4.  Security Considerations
   5.  IANA Considerations
   6.  Informative References
   Acknowledgments
   Authors' Addresses

1.  Introduction

   Dear Corine, As you embark on a journey in the land of web
   application firewalls, we felt it necessary thank you for your
   contributions to SCION and to the team.

2.  SCION Standardization Achievements

   Your work on SCION brought order to chaos, transforming arcane
   networking concepts and loads of research papers into a
   comprehensible SCION book first and then into Internet Drafts.

3.  Wishing You the Best

   As you venture into new realms beyond SCION, we wish you luck in
   navigating the treacherous seas of web application firewalls, with
   new acronyms and documentation challenges.

4.  Security Considerations

   This Internet Draft is purely fictional and intended for
   entertainment purposes only.  No technical writers were harmed in the
   creation of this document.

5.  IANA Considerations

   This document has no IANA actions.

6.  Informative References

   [RFC8140]  Farrel, A., "The Arte of ASCII: Or, An True and Accurate
              Representation of an Menagerie of Thynges Fabulous and
              Wonderful in Ye Forme of Character", RFC 8140,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC8140, April 2017,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8140>.

Acknowledgments

Authors' Addresses

   Katarina Garic
   SCION Association
   Email: kga@scion.org


   Matthias Frei
   SCION Association
   Email: matzf@scion.org


   Nicola Rustignoli
   SCION Association
   Email: nic@scion.org


   Jean-Christophe Hugly
   SCION Association
   Email: jce@scion.org


   Luzius Cameron
   SCION Association
   Email: lca@scion.org


   Marcel Keller
   SCION Association
   Email: mke@scion.org
